Have you slept enough?
Let me ask you one last time
Pawn shop transaction records
What if the sword is broken?
Do you think someone will come to rescue you?
Lu Xiao will come
Will definitely come to save me
Every time
You're going to be disappointed.
In front of Gao Ruonan
You will never be the chosen one
It was for a man who lost the world
It's worth it.
I'll give you another ten minutes.
Think carefully about Shota Kimura
You look at him.
I'm going out to talk about business, okay?
Hey
You two are on fire, running so fast
Ha ha.
You two can't handle a Young Marshal
We tried our best. Uh
You you what you respect me for me what me
The body is alive
Come here now!
Come again and they'll be dead
3 women are excellent together